# Licenses for including code

Code was copied from:

## rustwasm/wasm-pack-template

```
Copyright (c) 2018-2023 {rustwasm/wasm-pack-template authors}

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any
person obtaining a copy of this software and associated
documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the
Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge,
publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software
is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice
shall be included in all copies or substantial portions
of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF
ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR
IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
```

### location

+ `.github/dependabot.yml`
+ `src/`
    + `lib.rs`
        +   ```rs
            mod utils;

            use wasm_bindgen::prelude::*;

            #[wasm_bindgen]
            extern {
                fn alert(s: &str);
            }

            #[wasm_bindgen]
            pub fn greet() {
                alert("Hello, solver!");
            }
            ```
    + `utils.rs`
        +   ```rs
            pub fn set_panic_hook() {
                // When the `console_error_panic_hook` feature is enabled, we can call the
                // `set_panic_hook` function at least once during initialization, and then
                // we will get better error messages if our code ever panics.
                //
                // For more details see
                // https://github.com/rustwasm/console_error_panic_hook#readme
                #[cfg(feature = "console_error_panic_hook")]
                console_error_panic_hook::set_once();
            }
            ```
+ `tests/web.rs`
    +   ```rs
        //! Test suite for the Web and headless browsers.

        #![cfg(target_arch = "wasm32")]

        extern crate wasm_bindgen_test;
        use wasm_bindgen_test::*;

        wasm_bindgen_test_configure!(run_in_browser);

        #[wasm_bindgen_test]
        fn pass() {
            assert_eq!(1 + 1, 2);
        }
        ```
+ `.gitignore`
    +   ```
        node_modules
        dist
        ```
+ `Cargo.toml`
+ `wasm-pack-template-readme.md`

## rustwasm/create-wasm-app

```
Copyright (c) 2018-2020 {rustwasm/create-wasm-app authors}

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any
person obtaining a copy of this software and associated
documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the
Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge,
publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software
is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice
shall be included in all copies or substantial portions
of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF
ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR
IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
```

### location

In `www/`:

+ `create-wasm-app-readme.md`
+ `bootstrap.ts`
+ `index.html`
    +   ```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8">
    <title>Hello wasm-pack!</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <noscript>This page contains webassembly and javascript content, please enable javascript in your browser.</noscript>
    <script src="./bootstrap.js"></script>
  </body>
</html>
        ```
+ `index.tsx` (1 line: the `wasm` import)
+ `package.json`

## parrotmac/rust-wasm-hello-world

The code used is in the `www/` directory, whose `package.json` gives ISC as the license.

This would seem to override the APACHE or MIT license that was copied over from
rustwasm/create-wasm-app

### ISC

```
Copyright 2025 Isaac Parker

Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this
software for any purpose with or without fee is hereby
granted, provided that the above copyright notice and
this permission notice appear in all copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND THE AUTHOR
DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE
INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY
SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR
ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA
OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
```

### location

In `www/`:

+ `package.json`
    +   ```json
            "vite": "^6.3.5",
            "vite-plugin-top-level-await": "^1.5.0",
            "vite-plugin-wasm": "^3.4.1"
        ```
+ `vite.config.ts`
    +   ```ts
        import { defineConfig } from 'vite'
        import { resolve } from 'path'

        import wasm from "vite-plugin-wasm"

        export default defineConfig({
            root: '.',
            build: {
                outDir: 'dist',
            },
            server: {
                open: 'index.html'
            },
            plugins: [
                wasm(),
            ]
        })
        ```

## irony/pureact

```
Copyright (c) 2023 Christian Landgren

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any
person obtaining a copy of this software and associated
documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the
Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge,
publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software
is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice
shall be included in all copies or substantial portions
of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF
ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR
IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
```

### Location

+ `www/index.tsx`
    +   ```js
        import {
            init,
            classModule,
            propsModule,
            styleModule,
            attributesModule,
            eventListenersModule,
            h,
        } from 'snabbdom'

        const patch = init([
            // Init patch function with chosen modules
            classModule, // makes it easy to toggle classes
            propsModule, // for setting properties on DOM elements
            styleModule, // handles styling on elements with support for animations
            attributesModule, // for setting attributes on DOM elements
            eventListenersModule, // attaches event listeners
        ])
        ```
